8-12-2020:
Started the skeleton of the project. Created the 5 pages and further reviewed the Adobe XD files sent to me by Maddison.
Meeting was with Madeline on 8-11-2020 @ 10 a.m. via Zoom. She and I discussed the project. We agreed to hold weekly Zoom calls to discuss progression.
I am going to be importing images when she sends those to me and updating the logo soon. I will be in contact with Maddison about the logo later today.

Thus far, I have imported font awesome to use icons for facebook and linkedin. I will be able to create the contact page and form quickly. 
I am estimating this project to take 4 weeks at the most. 3 weeks to build and 1 week to test for and correct bugs.
I'll be adding in filler content for the evening and I'll be able to change those later when I have photos for the main content.

Created the dropdown button and styled it. Gave it a nice hover effect. Added discover button and working on the feature for that.
I've implemented the header bar to scroll along with the user. I'll be adding a shadow effect to that at a later time.

I've created a github repository of the project. I'll be sharing that link with Maddy and Ryan soon. 

Added styles to the links and navigation bar, updated the layout a bit more. Added a temporary background into the project to allow me to see the white links and buttons. 
Updated the Business dropdown link styles. Fixed a small bug in the body content.

Sent the GitHub Repo for the project to Maddison.

Started the layout for additional pages.

Added in a background image and a few filler images for the time being. I'll be adding in more content tomorrow as well.
I will be starting on  the finishing pieces for the homepage layout and the navbar and footer layouts as well. I should be 
ready to start on finalizing the header and footer content once I get the links I need for social media and businesses as well as the careers page.

8-13-2020:
Working to finalize the homepage and looking for bugs and flaws to the layout or functional components.
Starting the about page tonight, I'll be testing the homepage code further after I start tying in these next pages.
